README.md, before:

# Introduction
Greetings! I'm Adrià, a PhD student from Barcelona pursuing research in the field of Active Matter. I'm knee-deep in topics like Active Brownian Particles and Non-Reciprocal Interactions, even though I find interest in (mostly) anything regarding Statistical Physics, equilibrium or not. I hold deep respect and love for math in general.

In this page, I upload whatever I feel like can be useful for anyone to use or (simply) for myself to keep track of what I do. Feel free to scroll through and explore, and do not hesitate to get in touch with me for any doubt you may have or mistake I may have made—welcome aboard!

### Education
> MSc, Physics of Complex Systems and Biophysics, *University of Barcelona* (2023)
>
> BSc, Theoretical Physics, *University of Barcelona* (2022)

### Work Experience
> ESADE, Teaching Assistant (Sep. 2023 - Present)

### Projects
Find here several of the topics I work on or simply find interesting.
- [Active Brownian Particles](./abps/abps.md).
- [Non Reciprocal Interactions](./nris/nris.md).

Commit message:

Added lecture notes on differential geometry

README.md, after:

# Introduction
Greetings! I'm Adrià, a PhD student from Barcelona pursuing research in the field of Active Matter. I'm knee-deep in topics like Active Brownian Particles and Non-Reciprocal Interactions, even though I find interest in (mostly) anything regarding Statistical Physics, equilibrium or not. I hold deep respect and love for math in general.

In this page, I upload whatever I feel like can be useful for anyone to use or (simply) for myself to keep track of what I do. Feel free to scroll through and explore, and do not hesitate to get in touch with me for any doubt you may have or mistake I may have made—welcome aboard!

### Education
> PhD in Physics, *University of Barcelona* (2023 - Present)
>
> MSc, Physics of Complex Systems and Biophysics, *University of Barcelona* (2023)
>
> BSc, Theoretical Physics, *University of Barcelona* (2022)

### Projects
Find here several of the topics I work on or simply find interesting.
- [Active Brownian Particles](./abps/abps.md).
- [Non Reciprocal Interactions](./nris/nris.md).

### Lecture Notes
Here I upload some lecture notes that may be useful to others or to myself.

- 📄 [Differential Geometry Notes](./assets/geometria_diferencial_de_curvas_y_superficies.pdf)
